{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green28\blue31;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c14510\c16078;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh10200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Prof Stavness and I are concerned about over-lap between projects in CMPT 898 and CMPT 820.  For my part, I think it is fine for you to use the same dataset in this group project as in CMPT 898.  I have emphasized the importance of separate learning algorithms, and you have satisfied my requirements.  \
\
You should make sure Prof Stavness is okay with it too.  \
\
You absolutely must not submit a project report for these courses that:\
1. Consists of copy/paste from the project report(s) for other courses.  Each report is written separately.\
2. Has copy paste from websites or articles or books.\
\
The main learning objective of this project is to get some practical experience in all the tasks of research. Copy/paste evades this learning objective. Copy/paste will be dealt with harshly, because it is a violation of trust.  Broken trust cannot be repaired in Science.  If your work in Science is found to be falsified in any way (including copy/paste), your research career is over.  You can even damage the career of your collaborator(s), including your supervisor.\
\
Make sure you understand that!  If it\'92s not clear, please ask.\
\
Your use of Microsoft Word will eventually lead you to grief.  I recommend you abandon it now, before grief happens.  LaTeX is the superior tool. \
\
Data characterization.  You kept it short, thanks.  The report showed some plots, but no analysis of them. What did those density plots tell you? In your next report, you should clarify your problem: what is the class you are predicting, and what are the features.  You should provide density plots per class, as in the assignments.\
\
Approach: In your next report, you should have drafted a description of the algorithms you intend to use.  Describe them in your report as you might see them described in a journal paper.  Assume your reader is an expert in Stack Overflow, but not in machine learning.\
\
Evaluation: In your next report, you should explain why you need precision and recall to be balanced.  Describe why in terms of the consequences of making errors (FN, FP).  It is weak just to say "robust".\
\
Language: Grammatically good.  You have a lot of "fluff" in your writing.  Try to learn when you can remove it.  Some of your longer paragraphs ramble a bit (especially page 4).  Try to move from one topic to another with focus and precision.  It's hard work, but work deliberately on these things.  You don't need perfection in 820. Just improvement!\
\
}